Multiple validation errors (12):
1. Relationship line 26: Relationship line uses connector 'affects', which is not valid for source model type 'Goal Model'. Allowed: 'Supports', 'Hinders', 'Contradicts', 'Affects', 'Defined by', 'motivates', 'requires', 'uses', 'relates to'.
2. Relationship line 27: Relationship line uses connector 'affects', which is not valid for source model type 'Goal Model'. Allowed: 'Supports', 'Hinders', 'Contradicts', 'Affects', 'Defined by', 'motivates', 'requires', 'uses', 'relates to'.
3. Relationship line 28: Relationship line uses connector 'affects', which is not valid for source model type 'Goal Model'. Allowed: 'Supports', 'Hinders', 'Contradicts', 'Affects', 'Defined by', 'motivates', 'requires', 'uses', 'relates to'.
4. Relationship line 29: Relationship line uses connector 'affects', which is not valid for source model type 'Goal Model'. Allowed: 'Supports', 'Hinders', 'Contradicts', 'Affects', 'Defined by', 'motivates', 'requires', 'uses', 'relates to'.
5. Relationship line 30: Relationship line uses connector 'affects', which is not valid for source model type 'Goal Model'. Allowed: 'Supports', 'Hinders', 'Contradicts', 'Affects', 'Defined by', 'motivates', 'requires', 'uses', 'relates to'.
6. Relationship line 31: Relationship line uses connector 'affects', which is not valid for source model type 'Goal Model'. Allowed: 'Supports', 'Hinders', 'Contradicts', 'Affects', 'Defined by', 'motivates', 'requires', 'uses', 'relates to'.
7. Relationship line 74: Relationship line 74: Source element 'New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that' was not found by INSTANCE name or Description in model 'GM_gut_S4' (Goal Model). Names: AND-36563, Constraint - 1, Goal - 1, OR-36706, Opportunity - 1, Problem - 1, Problem - 2, Problem - 3, Problem - 4, Problem - 5. Descriptions: Company has not much experience with online information processing | Develop new heat extractor with very low energy consumption | Energy consumption of current product version is too high | Maximum energy production of photovoltaic module is 50 kWh | Minimize energy consumption of heat pump | New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that requires continuous monitoring of devices | New refrigerants are very expensive | Produce remaining energy required by heat pump with photovoltaic module
8. Relationship line 75: Relationship line 75: Source element 'New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that' was not found by INSTANCE name or Description in model 'GM_gut_S4' (Goal Model). Names: AND-36563, Constraint - 1, Goal - 1, OR-36706, Opportunity - 1, Problem - 1, Problem - 2, Problem - 3, Problem - 4, Problem - 5. Descriptions: Company has not much experience with online information processing | Develop new heat extractor with very low energy consumption | Energy consumption of current product version is too high | Maximum energy production of photovoltaic module is 50 kWh | Minimize energy consumption of heat pump | New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that requires continuous monitoring of devices | New refrigerants are very expensive | Produce remaining energy required by heat pump with photovoltaic module
9. Relationship line 76: Relationship line 76: Source element 'New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that' was not found by INSTANCE name or Description in model 'GM_gut_S4' (Goal Model). Names: AND-36563, Constraint - 1, Goal - 1, OR-36706, Opportunity - 1, Problem - 1, Problem - 2, Problem - 3, Problem - 4, Problem - 5. Descriptions: Company has not much experience with online information processing | Develop new heat extractor with very low energy consumption | Energy consumption of current product version is too high | Maximum energy production of photovoltaic module is 50 kWh | Minimize energy consumption of heat pump | New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that requires continuous monitoring of devices | New refrigerants are very expensive | Produce remaining energy required by heat pump with photovoltaic module
10. Relationship line 77: Relationship line 77: Source element 'New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that' was not found by INSTANCE name or Description in model 'GM_gut_S4' (Goal Model). Names: AND-36563, Constraint - 1, Goal - 1, OR-36706, Opportunity - 1, Problem - 1, Problem - 2, Problem - 3, Problem - 4, Problem - 5. Descriptions: Company has not much experience with online information processing | Develop new heat extractor with very low energy consumption | Energy consumption of current product version is too high | Maximum energy production of photovoltaic module is 50 kWh | Minimize energy consumption of heat pump | New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that requires continuous monitoring of devices | New refrigerants are very expensive | Produce remaining energy required by heat pump with photovoltaic module
11. Relationship line 78: Relationship line 78: Source element 'New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that' was not found by INSTANCE name or Description in model 'GM_gut_S4' (Goal Model). Names: AND-36563, Constraint - 1, Goal - 1, OR-36706, Opportunity - 1, Problem - 1, Problem - 2, Problem - 3, Problem - 4, Problem - 5. Descriptions: Company has not much experience with online information processing | Develop new heat extractor with very low energy consumption | Energy consumption of current product version is too high | Maximum energy production of photovoltaic module is 50 kWh | Minimize energy consumption of heat pump | New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that requires continuous monitoring of devices | New refrigerants are very expensive | Produce remaining energy required by heat pump with photovoltaic module
12. Relationship line 79: Relationship line 79: Source element 'New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that' was not found by INSTANCE name or Description in model 'GM_gut_S4' (Goal Model). Names: AND-36563, Constraint - 1, Goal - 1, OR-36706, Opportunity - 1, Problem - 1, Problem - 2, Problem - 3, Problem - 4, Problem - 5. Descriptions: Company has not much experience with online information processing | Develop new heat extractor with very low energy consumption | Energy consumption of current product version is too high | Maximum energy production of photovoltaic module is 50 kWh | Minimize energy consumption of heat pump | New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that requires continuous monitoring of devices | New refrigerants are very expensive | Produce remaining energy required by heat pump with photovoltaic module