Multiple validation errors (4):
1. Relationship line 3: Relationship line 3: Source element 'New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that' was not found by INSTANCE name or Description in model 'GM_gut_S4' (Goal Model). Names: AND-36563, Constraint - 1, Goal - 1, OR-36706, Opportunity - 1, Problem - 1, Problem - 2, Problem - 3, Problem - 4, Problem - 5. Descriptions: Company has not much experience with online information processing | Develop new heat extractor with very low energy consumption | Energy consumption of current product version is too high | Maximum energy production of photovoltaic module is 50 kWh | Minimize energy consumption of heat pump | New european regulation for energy-efficient heating that requires continuous monitoring of devices | New refrigerants are very expensive | Produce remaining energy required by heat pump with photovoltaic module
2. Relationship line 4: Relationship line 4: Target element 'Technical Component Transaction middleware' was not found by INSTANCE name or Description in model 'TRM_gut_S4' (Technical Components and Requirements Model). Names: IS Technical Component - 1, IS Technical Component - 10, IS Technical Component - 11, IS Technical Component - 12, IS Technical Component - 13, IS Technical Component - 2, IS Technical Component - 3, IS Technical Component - 4, IS Technical Component - 5, IS Technical Component - 6. Descriptions: Database system | Distributed database | Enterprise resource planning system | Product planning system | Production system | SM authoring system | SM life system | SM repository
3. Relationship line 7: Relationship line uses connector 'hinders', which is not valid for source model type 'Goal Model'. Allowed: 'Supports', 'Hinders', 'Contradicts', 'Affects', 'Defined by', 'motivates', 'requires', 'uses', 'relates to'.
4. Relationship line 9: Relationship line uses connector 'supports', which is not valid for source model type 'Goal Model'. Allowed: 'Supports', 'Hinders', 'Contradicts', 'Affects', 'Defined by', 'motivates', 'requires', 'uses', 'relates to'.